assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-asm.out:Info: Quartus II 64-Bit Assembler was successful. 0 errors, 0 warnings
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.asm.rpt:Info: Quartus II 64-Bit Assembler was successful. 0 errors, 0 warnings
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:Warning (15714): Some pins have incomplete I/O assignments. Refer to the I/O Assignment Warnings report for details
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:Warning (176674): Following 10 pins are differential I/O pins but do not have their complement pins. Hence, the Fitter automatically created the complement pins.
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_tx[0]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_tx[0](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_tx[1]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_tx[1](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_tx[2]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_tx[2](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_tx[3]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_tx[3](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_clk" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_clk(n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_rx[0]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_rx[0](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_rx[1]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_rx[1](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_rx[2]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_rx[2](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_rx[3]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_rx[3](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (176118): Pin "sys0_clk" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "sys0_clk(n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:Critical Warning (169085): No exact pin location assignment(s) for 76 pins of 272 total pins
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:Warning (335093): TimeQuest Timing Analyzer is analyzing 1 combinational loops as latches.
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:Warning (332060): Node: hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container_rv:ftop|base_rv:pfconfig_i|time_server_rv:time_server_i|time_server_worker:worker|time_service:ts|SyncRegister:syncReg_ppsOutMode|dD_OUT[0] was determined to be a clock but was found without an associated clock assignment.
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:Warning (15709): Ignored I/O standard assignments to the following nodes
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKOUT0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D77_OR_CLKIN2p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D78_OR_CLOUT2n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D79_OR_CLKIN2n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_PSNTn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_SCL"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_SDA"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_advn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_advn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_cen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_cen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_clk"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_clk"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_oen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_oen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_rdybsyn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_rdybsyn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_resetn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_resetn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_wen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_wen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "fsm_a"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "fsm_a"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "fsm_d"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "fsm_d"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_db"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_db"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_e"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_e"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_rs"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_rs"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_rw"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_rw"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "led"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_clk"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_rstn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_rx[0]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_rx[1]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_rx[2]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_rx[3]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_tx[0]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_tx[1]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_tx[2]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_tx[3]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "sys0_clk"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "sys0_rstn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[0]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[0]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[1]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[1]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[2]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[2]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[3]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[3]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[4]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[4]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[5]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[5]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[6]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[6]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[7]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[7]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:Warning (15705): Ignored locations or region assignments to the following nodes
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKOUT0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D77_OR_CLKIN2p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D78_OR_CLOUT2n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D79_OR_CLKIN2n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_PSNTn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_SCL" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_SDA" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_casn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_casn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ck_n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ck_n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ck_p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ck_p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_cke" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_cke" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_csn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_csn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dm[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dm[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dm[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dm[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_n[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_n[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_n[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_n[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_p[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_p[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_p[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_p[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_odt" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_odt" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_rasn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_rasn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_rstn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_rstn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_wen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_wen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_advn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_advn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_cen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_cen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_clk" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_clk" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_oen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_oen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_rdybsyn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_rdybsyn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_resetn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_resetn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_wen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_wen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[16]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[16]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[17]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[17]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[18]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[18]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[19]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[19]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[20]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[20]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[21]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[21]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[22]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[22]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[23]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[23]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[24]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[24]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[25]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[25]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[16]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[16]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[17]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[17]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[18]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[18]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[19]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[19]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[20]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[20]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[21]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[21]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[22]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[22]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[23]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[23]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[24]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[24]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[25]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[25]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[26]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[26]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[27]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[27]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[28]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[28]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[29]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[29]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[30]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[30]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[31]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[31]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_e" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_e" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_rs" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_rs" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_rw" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_rw" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "led[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "oct_rdn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "oct_rdn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "oct_rup" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "oct_rup" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_clk" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_rstn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_rx[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_rx[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_rx[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_rx[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_tx[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_tx[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_tx[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_tx[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "sys0_clk" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "sys0_rstn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:Warning (171167): Found invalid Fitter assignments. See the Ignored Assignments panel in the Fitter Compilation Report for more information.
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:Warning (169064): Following 79 pins have no output enable or a GND or VCC output enable - later changes to this connectivity may change fitting results
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-fit.out:Info: Quartus II 64-Bit Fitter was successful. 0 errors, 704 warnings
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:  5. I/O Assignment Warnings
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:; Force Fitter to Avoid Periphery Placement Warnings                         ; Off                                                     ; Off                                                     ;
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:; I/O Assignment Warnings                                                  ;
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:Warning (15714): Some pins have incomplete I/O assignments. Refer to the I/O Assignment Warnings report for details
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:Warning (176674): Following 10 pins are differential I/O pins but do not have their complement pins. Hence, the Fitter automatically created the complement pins.
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_tx[0]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_tx[0](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_tx[1]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_tx[1](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_tx[2]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_tx[2](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_tx[3]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_tx[3](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_clk" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_clk(n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_rx[0]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_rx[0](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_rx[1]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_rx[1](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_rx[2]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_rx[2](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (176118): Pin "pcie_rx[3]" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "pcie_rx[3](n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (176118): Pin "sys0_clk" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin "sys0_clk(n)"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:Critical Warning (169085): No exact pin location assignment(s) for 76 pins of 272 total pins
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:Warning (335093): TimeQuest Timing Analyzer is analyzing 1 combinational loops as latches.
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:Warning (332060): Node: hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container_rv:ftop|base_rv:pfconfig_i|time_server_rv:time_server_i|time_server_worker:worker|time_service:ts|SyncRegister:syncReg_ppsOutMode|dD_OUT[0] was determined to be a clock but was found without an associated clock assignment.
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:Warning (15709): Ignored I/O standard assignments to the following nodes
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKOUT0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D77_OR_CLKIN2p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D78_OR_CLOUT2n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D79_OR_CLKIN2n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_PSNTn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_SCL"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "HSMC_ALST4_B_SDA"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_advn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_advn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_cen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_cen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_clk"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_clk"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_oen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_oen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_rdybsyn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_rdybsyn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_resetn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_resetn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_wen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "flash_wen"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "fsm_a"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "fsm_a"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "fsm_d"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "fsm_d"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_db"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_db"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_e"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_e"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_rs"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_rs"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_rw"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "lcd_rw"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "led"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_clk"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_rstn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_rx[0]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_rx[1]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_rx[2]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_rx[3]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_tx[0]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_tx[1]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_tx[2]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "pcie_tx[3]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "sys0_clk"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "sys0_rstn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[0]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[0]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[1]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[1]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[2]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[2]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[3]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[3]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[4]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[4]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[5]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[5]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[6]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[6]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[7]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15710): Ignored I/O standard assignment to node "usr_sw[7]"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:Warning (15705): Ignored locations or region assignments to the following nodes
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKOUT0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D2" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D3" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D77_OR_CLKIN2p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D78_OR_CLOUT2n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D79_OR_CLKIN2n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_PSNTn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_SCL" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "HSMC_ALST4_B_SDA" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_a[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ba[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_casn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_casn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ck_n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ck_n" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ck_p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_ck_p" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_cke" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_cke" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_csn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_csn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dm[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dm[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dm[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dm[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dq[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_n[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_n[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_n[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_n[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_p[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_p[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_p[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_dqs_p[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_odt" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_odt" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_rasn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_rasn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_rstn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_rstn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_wen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "ddr3top_wen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_advn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_advn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_cen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_cen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_clk" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_clk" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_oen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_oen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_rdybsyn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_rdybsyn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_resetn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_resetn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_wen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "flash_wen" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[16]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[16]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[17]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[17]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[18]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[18]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[19]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[19]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[20]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[20]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[21]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[21]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[22]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[22]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[23]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[23]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[24]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[24]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[25]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[25]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_a[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[16]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[16]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[17]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[17]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[18]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[18]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[19]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[19]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[20]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[20]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[21]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[21]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[22]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[22]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[23]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[23]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[24]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[24]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[25]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[25]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[26]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[26]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[27]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[27]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[28]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[28]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[29]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[29]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[30]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[30]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[31]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[31]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "fsm_d[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_db[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_e" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_e" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_rs" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_rs" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_rw" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "lcd_rw" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[10]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[11]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[12]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[13]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[14]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[15]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[8]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "led[9]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "oct_rdn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "oct_rdn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "oct_rup" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "oct_rup" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_clk" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_rstn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_rx[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_rx[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_rx[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_rx[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_tx[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_tx[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_tx[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "pcie_tx[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "sys0_clk" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "sys0_rstn" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[0]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[1]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[2]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[3]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[4]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[5]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[6]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:    Warning (15706): Node "usr_sw[7]" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:Warning (171167): Found invalid Fitter assignments. See the Ignored Assignments panel in the Fitter Compilation Report for more information.
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:Warning (169064): Following 79 pins have no output enable or a GND or VCC output enable - later changes to this connectivity may change fitting results
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.fit.rpt:Info: Quartus II 64-Bit Fitter was successful. 0 errors, 704 warnings
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:Warning (21074): Design contains 38 input pin(s) that do not drive logic
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top-map.out:Info: Quartus II 64-Bit Analysis & Synthesis was successful. 0 errors, 39 warnings
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:Warning (21074): Design contains 38 input pin(s) that do not drive logic
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/base-top.map.rpt:Info: Quartus II 64-Bit Analysis & Synthesis was successful. 0 errors, 39 warnings
Binary file assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.tiscmp.fast_900mv_0c.ddb matches
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.asm.qmsg:{ "Info" "IQEXE_ERROR_COUNT" "Assembler 0 s 0 s Quartus II 64-Bit " "Quartus II 64-Bit Assembler was successful. 0 errors, 0 warnings" { { "Info" "IQEXE_END_PEAK_VSIZE_MEMORY" "970 " "Peak virtual memory: 970 megabytes" {  } {  } 0 0 "Peak virtual memory: %1!s! megabytes" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708750933 ""} { "Info" "IQEXE_END_BANNER_TIME" "Wed Oct  5 19:05:50 2016 " "Processing ended: Wed Oct  5 19:05:50 2016" {  } {  } 0 0 "Processing ended: %1!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708750933 ""} { "Info" "IQEXE_ELAPSED_TIME" "00:00:20 " "Elapsed time: 00:00:20" {  } {  } 0 0 "Elapsed time: %1!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708750933 ""} { "Info" "IQEXE_ELAPSED_CPU_TIME" "00:00:20 " "Total CPU time (on all processors): 00:00:20" {  } {  } 0 0 "Total CPU time (on all processors): %1!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708750933 ""}  } {  } 0 0 "%6!s! %1!s! was successful. %2!d! error%3!s!, %4!d! warning%5!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708750933 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.fit.qmsg:{ "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_ATOM_PINS_WITH_INCOMPLETE_IO_ASSIGNMENTS" "" "Some pins have incomplete I/O assignments. Refer to the I/O Assignment Warnings report for details" {  } {  } 0 15714 "Some pins have incomplete I/O assignments. Refer to the I/O Assignment Warnings report for details" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708467035 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.fit.qmsg:{ "Warning" "WFSAC_FSAC_COMPLEMENT_PIN_CREATED_GROUP" "10 " "Following 10 pins are differential I/O pins but do not have their complement pins. Hence, the Fitter automatically created the complement pins." { { "Warning" "WFSAC_FSAC_COMPLEMENT_PIN_CREATED" "pcie_tx\[0\] pcie_tx\[0\](n) " "Pin \"pcie_tx\[0\]\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"pcie_tx\[0\](n)\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_tx[0] } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[0\]" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_tx[0] } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 10 8336 9085 0} { 0 { 0 ""} 0 72157 8336 9085 0}  }  } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_tx[0](n) } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_tx[0](n) } "NODE_NAME" } }  } 0 176118 "Pin \"%1!s!\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"%2!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708469123 ""} { "Warning" "WFSAC_FSAC_COMPLEMENT_PIN_CREATED" "pcie_tx\[1\] pcie_tx\[1\](n) " "Pin \"pcie_tx\[1\]\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"pcie_tx\[1\](n)\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_tx[1] } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[1\]" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_tx[1] } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 11 8336 9085 0} { 0 { 0 ""} 0 72159 8336 9085 0}  }  } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_tx[1](n) } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_tx[1](n) } "NODE_NAME" } }  } 0 176118 "Pin \"%1!s!\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"%2!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708469123 ""} { "Warning" "WFSAC_FSAC_COMPLEMENT_PIN_CREATED" "pcie_tx\[2\] pcie_tx\[2\](n) " "Pin \"pcie_tx\[2\]\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"pcie_tx\[2\](n)\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_tx[2] } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[2\]" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_tx[2] } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 12 8336 9085 0} { 0 { 0 ""} 0 72161 8336 9085 0}  }  } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_tx[2](n) } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_tx[2](n) } "NODE_NAME" } }  } 0 176118 "Pin \"%1!s!\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"%2!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708469123 ""} { "Warning" "WFSAC_FSAC_COMPLEMENT_PIN_CREATED" "pcie_tx\[3\] pcie_tx\[3\](n) " "Pin \"pcie_tx\[3\]\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"pcie_tx\[3\](n)\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_tx[3] } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[3\]" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_tx[3] } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 13 8336 9085 0} { 0 { 0 ""} 0 72163 8336 9085 0}  }  } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_tx[3](n) } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_tx[3](n) } "NODE_NAME" } }  } 0 176118 "Pin \"%1!s!\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"%2!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708469123 ""} { "Warning" "WFSAC_FSAC_COMPLEMENT_PIN_CREATED" "pcie_clk pcie_clk(n) " "Pin \"pcie_clk\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"pcie_clk(n)\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_clk } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_clk" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_clk } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 32 8336 9085 0} { 0 { 0 ""} 0 72165 8336 9085 0}  }  } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_clk(n) } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_clk(n) } "NODE_NAME" } }  } 0 176118 "Pin \"%1!s!\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"%2!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708469123 ""} { "Warning" "WFSAC_FSAC_COMPLEMENT_PIN_CREATED" "pcie_rx\[0\] pcie_rx\[0\](n) " "Pin \"pcie_rx\[0\]\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"pcie_rx\[0\](n)\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_rx[0] } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[0\]" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_rx[0] } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 6 8336 9085 0} { 0 { 0 ""} 0 72166 8336 9085 0}  }  } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_rx[0](n) } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_rx[0](n) } "NODE_NAME" } }  } 0 176118 "Pin \"%1!s!\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"%2!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708469123 ""} { "Warning" "WFSAC_FSAC_COMPLEMENT_PIN_CREATED" "pcie_rx\[1\] pcie_rx\[1\](n) " "Pin \"pcie_rx\[1\]\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"pcie_rx\[1\](n)\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_rx[1] } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[1\]" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_rx[1] } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 7 8336 9085 0} { 0 { 0 ""} 0 72167 8336 9085 0}  }  } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_rx[1](n) } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_rx[1](n) } "NODE_NAME" } }  } 0 176118 "Pin \"%1!s!\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"%2!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708469123 ""} { "Warning" "WFSAC_FSAC_COMPLEMENT_PIN_CREATED" "pcie_rx\[2\] pcie_rx\[2\](n) " "Pin \"pcie_rx\[2\]\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"pcie_rx\[2\](n)\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_rx[2] } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[2\]" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_rx[2] } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 8 8336 9085 0} { 0 { 0 ""} 0 72168 8336 9085 0}  }  } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_rx[2](n) } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_rx[2](n) } "NODE_NAME" } }  } 0 176118 "Pin \"%1!s!\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"%2!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708469123 ""} { "Warning" "WFSAC_FSAC_COMPLEMENT_PIN_CREATED" "pcie_rx\[3\] pcie_rx\[3\](n) " "Pin \"pcie_rx\[3\]\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"pcie_rx\[3\](n)\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_rx[3] } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[3\]" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_rx[3] } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 9 8336 9085 0} { 0 { 0 ""} 0 72169 8336 9085 0}  }  } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { pcie_rx[3](n) } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { pcie_rx[3](n) } "NODE_NAME" } }  } 0 176118 "Pin \"%1!s!\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"%2!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708469123 ""} { "Warning" "WFSAC_FSAC_COMPLEMENT_PIN_CREATED" "sys0_clk sys0_clk(n) " "Pin \"sys0_clk\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"sys0_clk(n)\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { sys0_clk } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "sys0_clk" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { sys0_clk } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 30 8336 9085 0} { 0 { 0 ""} 0 72170 8336 9085 0}  }  } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { sys0_clk(n) } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { sys0_clk(n) } "NODE_NAME" } }  } 0 176118 "Pin \"%1!s!\" is a differential I/O pin but does not have its complement pin. Hence, fitter automatically created the complement pin \"%2!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708469123 ""}  } {  } 0 176674 "Following %1!d! pins are differential I/O pins but do not have their complement pins. Hence, the Fitter automatically created the complement pins." 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708469123 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.fit.qmsg:{ "Critical Warning" "WFIOMGR_PINS_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "76 272 " "No exact pin location assignment(s) for 76 pins of 272 total pins" { { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "ppsOut " "Pin ppsOut not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { ppsOut } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 297 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { ppsOut } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 433 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "ppsExtIn " "Pin ppsExtIn not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { ppsExtIn } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 296 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { ppsExtIn } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 432 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp7 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp7 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp7 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 298 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 434 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 299 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 435 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn7 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn7 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn7 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 300 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 436 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 301 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 437 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp6 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp6 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp6 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 302 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 438 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 303 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 439 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn6 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn6 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn6 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 304 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 440 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 305 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 441 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp5 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp5 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp5 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 306 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 442 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 307 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 443 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn5 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn5 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn5 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 308 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 444 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 309 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 445 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp4 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp4 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp4 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 310 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 446 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 311 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 447 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn4 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn4 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn4 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 312 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 448 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 313 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 449 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp3 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp3 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp3 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 314 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 450 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 315 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 451 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn3 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn3 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn3 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 316 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 452 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 317 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 453 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp2 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp2 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp2 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 318 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 454 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 319 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 455 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn2 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn2 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn2 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 320 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 456 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 321 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 457 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp1 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp1 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp1 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 322 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 458 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 323 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 459 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn1 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn1 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn1 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 324 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 460 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 325 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 461 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp0 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp0 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp0 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 326 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 462 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 327 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 463 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn0 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn0 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn0 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 328 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 464 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 329 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 465 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TCK " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TCK not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TCK } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 332 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TCK } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 466 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TMS " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TMS not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TMS } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 333 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TMS } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 467 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDO " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDO not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDO } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 334 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDO } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 468 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 335 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 469 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp7 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp7 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp7 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 419 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 471 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 420 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 472 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn7 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn7 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn7 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 421 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 473 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 422 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 474 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp6 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp6 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp6 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 423 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 475 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 424 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 476 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn6 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn6 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn6 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 425 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 477 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 426 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 478 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp5 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp5 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp5 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 427 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 479 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 428 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 480 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn5 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn5 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn5 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 429 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 481 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 430 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 482 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp4 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp4 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp4 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 431 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 483 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 432 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 484 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn4 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn4 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn4 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 433 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 485 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 434 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 486 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp3 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp3 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp3 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 435 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 487 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 436 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 488 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn3 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn3 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn3 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 437 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 489 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 438 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 490 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp2 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp2 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp2 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 439 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 491 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 440 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 492 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn2 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn2 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn2 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 441 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 493 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 442 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 494 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp1 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp1 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp1 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 443 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 495 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 444 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 496 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn1 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn1 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn1 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 445 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 497 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 446 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 498 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp0 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp0 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp0 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 447 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 499 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 448 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 500 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn0 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn0 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn0 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 449 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 501 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 450 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 502 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TCK " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TCK not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TCK } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 453 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TCK } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 503 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TMS " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TMS not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TMS } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 454 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TMS } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 504 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDO " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDO not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDO } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 455 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDO } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 505 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 456 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 506 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 365 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 470 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_PIN_MISSING_LOCATION_INFO" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 not assigned to an exact location on the device" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 486 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 507 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169086 "Pin %1!s! not assigned to an exact location on the device" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""}  } {  } 1 169085 "No exact pin location assignment(s) for %1!d! pins of %2!d! total pins" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708470046 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.fit.qmsg:{ "Warning" "WTDB_ANALYZE_COMB_LATCHES" "1 " "TimeQuest Timing Analyzer is analyzing 1 combinational loops as latches." {  } {  } 0 335093 "TimeQuest Timing Analyzer is analyzing %1!d! combinational loops as latches." 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708476520 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.fit.qmsg:{ "Warning" "WSTA_NODE_FOUND_WITHOUT_CLOCK_ASSIGNMENT" "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container_rv:ftop\|base_rv:pfconfig_i\|time_server_rv:time_server_i\|time_server_worker:worker\|time_service:ts\|SyncRegister:syncReg_ppsOutMode\|dD_OUT\[0\] " "Node: hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container_rv:ftop\|base_rv:pfconfig_i\|time_server_rv:time_server_i\|time_server_worker:worker\|time_service:ts\|SyncRegister:syncReg_ppsOutMode\|dD_OUT\[0\] was determined to be a clock but was found without an associated clock assignment." {  } {  } 0 332060 "Node: %1!s! was determined to be a clock but was found without an associated clock assignment." 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708477900 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container_rv:ftop|base_rv:pfconfig_i|time_server_rv:time_server_i|time_server_worker:worker|time_service:ts|SyncRegister:syncReg_ppsOutMode|dD_OUT[0]"}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.fit.qmsg:{ "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN" "" "Ignored I/O standard assignments to the following nodes" { { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D1\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D2\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D3\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1n " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1n\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1n" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1p " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1p\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1p" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKOUT0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKOUT0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKOUT0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D1 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D1\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D1" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D2 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D2\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D2" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D3 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D3\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D3" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D77_OR_CLKIN2p " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D77_OR_CLKIN2p\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D77_OR_CLKIN2p" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D78_OR_CLOUT2n " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D78_OR_CLOUT2n\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D78_OR_CLOUT2n" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D79_OR_CLKIN2n " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D79_OR_CLKIN2n\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D79_OR_CLKIN2n" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1 " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_PSNTn " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_PSNTn\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_PSNTn" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_SCL " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_SCL\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_SCL" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_SDA " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_SDA\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_SDA" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_advn " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_advn\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_advn" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_advn " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_advn\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_advn" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_cen " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_cen\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_cen" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_cen " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_cen\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_cen" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_clk " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_clk\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_clk" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_clk " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_clk\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_clk" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_oen " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_oen\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_oen" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_oen " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_oen\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_oen" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_rdybsyn " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_rdybsyn\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_rdybsyn" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_rdybsyn " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_rdybsyn\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_rdybsyn" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_resetn " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_resetn\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_resetn" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_resetn " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_resetn\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_resetn" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_wen " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_wen\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_wen" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "flash_wen " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"flash_wen\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_wen" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"fsm_a\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"fsm_a\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"fsm_d\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"fsm_d\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_db " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"lcd_db\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_db" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_db " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"lcd_db\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_db" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_e " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"lcd_e\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_e" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_e " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"lcd_e\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_e" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_rs " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"lcd_rs\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_rs" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_rs " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"lcd_rs\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_rs" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_rw " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"lcd_rw\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_rw" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_rw " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"lcd_rw\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_rw" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "led " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"led\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_clk " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"pcie_clk\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_clk" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_rstn " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"pcie_rstn\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rstn" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_rx\[0\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"pcie_rx\[0\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_rx\[1\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"pcie_rx\[1\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_rx\[2\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"pcie_rx\[2\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_rx\[3\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"pcie_rx\[3\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_tx\[0\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"pcie_tx\[0\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_tx\[1\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"pcie_tx\[1\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_tx\[2\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"pcie_tx\[2\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_tx\[3\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"pcie_tx\[3\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "sys0_clk " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"sys0_clk\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "sys0_clk" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "sys0_rstn " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"sys0_rstn\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "sys0_rstn" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[0\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[0\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[0\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[0\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[1\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[1\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[1\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[1\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[2\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[2\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[2\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[2\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[3\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[3\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[3\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[3\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[4\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[4\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[4\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[4\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[5\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[5\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[5\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[5\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[6\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[6\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[6\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[6\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[7\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[7\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_IO_STANDARD_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[7\] " "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"usr_sw\[7\]\"" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15710 "Ignored I/O standard assignment to node \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""}  } {  } 0 15709 "Ignored I/O standard assignments to the following nodes" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494633 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.fit.qmsg:{ "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN" "" "Ignored locations or region assignments to the following nodes" { { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D1\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D2\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D3\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1n " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1n\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1n" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1p " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1p\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKIN1p" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKOUT0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKOUT0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_CLKOUT0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D1 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D1\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D1" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D2 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D2\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D2" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D27_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D3 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D3\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D3" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D77_OR_CLKIN2p " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D77_OR_CLKIN2p\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D77_OR_CLKIN2p" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D78_OR_CLOUT2n " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D78_OR_CLOUT2n\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D78_OR_CLOUT2n" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D79_OR_CLKIN2n " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D79_OR_CLKIN2n\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D79_OR_CLKIN2n" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1 " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_PSNTn " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_PSNTn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_PSNTn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_SCL " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_SCL\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_SCL" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_B_SDA " "Node \"HSMC_ALST4_B_SDA\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_B_SDA" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[10\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[10\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[10\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[10\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[10\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[10\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[11\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[11\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[11\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[11\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[11\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[11\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[12\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[12\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[12\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[12\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[12\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[12\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[2\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[2\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[3\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[3\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[4\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[4\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[4\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[4\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[5\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[5\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[5\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[5\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[6\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[6\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[6\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[6\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[7\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[7\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[7\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[7\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[8\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[8\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[8\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[8\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[8\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[8\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[9\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[9\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[9\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_a\[9\] " "Node \"ddr3top_a\[9\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_a\[9\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_ba\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_ba\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_ba\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_ba\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_ba\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_ba\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_ba\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_ba\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_ba\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_ba\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_ba\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_ba\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_ba\[2\] " "Node \"ddr3top_ba\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_ba\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_ba\[2\] " "Node \"ddr3top_ba\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_ba\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_casn " "Node \"ddr3top_casn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_casn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_casn " "Node \"ddr3top_casn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_casn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_ck_n " "Node \"ddr3top_ck_n\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_ck_n" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_ck_n " "Node \"ddr3top_ck_n\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_ck_n" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_ck_p " "Node \"ddr3top_ck_p\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_ck_p" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_ck_p " "Node \"ddr3top_ck_p\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_ck_p" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_cke " "Node \"ddr3top_cke\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_cke" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_cke " "Node \"ddr3top_cke\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_cke" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_csn " "Node \"ddr3top_csn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_csn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_csn " "Node \"ddr3top_csn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_csn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dm\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dm\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dm\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dm\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dm\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dm\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dm\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dm\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dm\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dm\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dm\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dm\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[10\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[10\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[10\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[10\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[10\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[10\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[11\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[11\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[11\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[11\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[11\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[11\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[12\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[12\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[12\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[12\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[12\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[12\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[13\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[13\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[13\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[13\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[13\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[13\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[14\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[14\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[14\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[14\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[14\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[14\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[15\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[15\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[15\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[15\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[15\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[15\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[2\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[2\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[3\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[3\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[4\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[4\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[4\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[4\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[5\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[5\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[5\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[5\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[6\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[6\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[6\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[6\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[7\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[7\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[7\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[7\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[8\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[8\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[8\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[8\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[8\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[8\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[9\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[9\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[9\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dq\[9\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dq\[9\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dq\[9\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dqs_n\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dqs_n\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dqs_n\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dqs_n\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dqs_n\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dqs_n\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dqs_n\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dqs_n\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dqs_n\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dqs_n\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dqs_n\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dqs_n\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dqs_p\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dqs_p\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dqs_p\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dqs_p\[0\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dqs_p\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dqs_p\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dqs_p\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dqs_p\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dqs_p\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_dqs_p\[1\] " "Node \"ddr3top_dqs_p\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_dqs_p\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_odt " "Node \"ddr3top_odt\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_odt" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_odt " "Node \"ddr3top_odt\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_odt" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_rasn " "Node \"ddr3top_rasn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_rasn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_rasn " "Node \"ddr3top_rasn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_rasn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_rstn " "Node \"ddr3top_rstn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_rstn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_rstn " "Node \"ddr3top_rstn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_rstn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_wen " "Node \"ddr3top_wen\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_wen" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "ddr3top_wen " "Node \"ddr3top_wen\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "ddr3top_wen" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_advn " "Node \"flash_advn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_advn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_advn " "Node \"flash_advn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_advn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_cen " "Node \"flash_cen\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_cen" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_cen " "Node \"flash_cen\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_cen" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_clk " "Node \"flash_clk\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_clk" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_clk " "Node \"flash_clk\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_clk" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_oen " "Node \"flash_oen\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_oen" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_oen " "Node \"flash_oen\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_oen" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_rdybsyn " "Node \"flash_rdybsyn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_rdybsyn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_rdybsyn " "Node \"flash_rdybsyn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_rdybsyn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_resetn " "Node \"flash_resetn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_resetn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_resetn " "Node \"flash_resetn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_resetn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_wen " "Node \"flash_wen\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_wen" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "flash_wen " "Node \"flash_wen\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "flash_wen" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[0\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[0\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[10\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[10\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[10\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[10\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[10\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[10\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[11\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[11\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[11\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[11\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[11\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[11\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[12\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[12\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[12\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[12\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[12\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[12\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[13\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[13\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[13\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[13\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[13\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[13\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[14\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[14\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[14\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[14\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[14\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[14\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[15\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[15\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[15\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[15\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[15\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[15\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[16\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[16\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[16\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[16\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[16\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[16\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[17\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[17\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[17\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[17\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[17\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[17\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[18\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[18\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[18\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[18\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[18\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[18\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[19\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[19\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[19\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[19\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[19\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[19\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[1\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[1\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[20\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[20\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[20\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[20\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[20\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[20\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[21\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[21\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[21\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[21\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[21\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[21\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[22\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[22\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[22\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[22\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[22\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[22\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[23\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[23\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[23\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[23\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[23\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[23\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[24\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[24\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[24\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[24\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[24\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[24\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[25\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[25\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[25\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[25\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[25\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[25\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[2\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[2\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[3\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[3\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[4\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[4\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[4\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[4\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[5\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[5\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[5\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[5\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[6\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[6\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[6\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[6\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[7\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[7\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[7\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[7\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[8\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[8\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[8\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[8\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[8\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[8\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[9\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[9\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[9\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_a\[9\] " "Node \"fsm_a\[9\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_a\[9\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[0\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[0\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[10\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[10\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[10\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[10\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[10\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[10\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[11\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[11\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[11\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[11\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[11\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[11\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[12\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[12\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[12\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[12\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[12\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[12\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[13\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[13\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[13\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[13\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[13\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[13\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[14\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[14\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[14\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[14\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[14\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[14\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[15\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[15\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[15\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[15\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[15\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[15\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[16\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[16\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[16\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[16\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[16\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[16\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[17\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[17\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[17\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[17\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[17\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[17\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[18\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[18\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[18\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[18\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[18\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[18\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[19\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[19\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[19\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[19\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[19\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[19\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[1\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[1\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[20\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[20\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[20\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[20\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[20\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[20\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[21\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[21\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[21\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[21\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[21\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[21\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[22\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[22\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[22\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[22\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[22\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[22\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[23\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[23\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[23\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[23\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[23\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[23\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[24\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[24\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[24\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[24\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[24\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[24\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[25\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[25\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[25\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[25\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[25\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[25\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[26\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[26\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[26\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[26\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[26\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[26\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[27\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[27\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[27\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[27\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[27\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[27\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[28\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[28\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[28\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[28\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[28\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[28\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[29\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[29\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[29\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[29\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[29\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[29\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[2\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[2\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[30\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[30\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[30\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[30\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[30\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[30\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[31\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[31\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[31\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[31\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[31\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[31\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[3\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[3\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[4\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[4\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[4\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[4\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[5\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[5\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[5\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[5\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[6\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[6\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[6\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[6\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[7\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[7\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[7\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[7\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[8\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[8\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[8\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[8\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[8\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[8\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[9\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[9\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[9\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "fsm_d\[9\] " "Node \"fsm_d\[9\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "fsm_d\[9\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_db\[0\] " "Node \"lcd_db\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_db\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_db\[0\] " "Node \"lcd_db\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_db\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_db\[1\] " "Node \"lcd_db\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_db\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_db\[1\] " "Node \"lcd_db\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_db\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_db\[2\] " "Node \"lcd_db\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_db\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_db\[2\] " "Node \"lcd_db\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_db\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_db\[3\] " "Node \"lcd_db\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_db\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_db\[3\] " "Node \"lcd_db\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_db\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_e " "Node \"lcd_e\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_e" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_e " "Node \"lcd_e\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_e" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_rs " "Node \"lcd_rs\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_rs" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_rs " "Node \"lcd_rs\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_rs" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_rw " "Node \"lcd_rw\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_rw" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "lcd_rw " "Node \"lcd_rw\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "lcd_rw" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[0\] " "Node \"led\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[10\] " "Node \"led\[10\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[10\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[11\] " "Node \"led\[11\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[11\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[12\] " "Node \"led\[12\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[12\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[13\] " "Node \"led\[13\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[13\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[14\] " "Node \"led\[14\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[14\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[15\] " "Node \"led\[15\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[15\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[1\] " "Node \"led\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[2\] " "Node \"led\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[3\] " "Node \"led\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[4\] " "Node \"led\[4\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[5\] " "Node \"led\[5\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[6\] " "Node \"led\[6\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[7\] " "Node \"led\[7\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[8\] " "Node \"led\[8\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[8\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "led\[9\] " "Node \"led\[9\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "led\[9\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "oct_rdn " "Node \"oct_rdn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "oct_rdn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "oct_rdn " "Node \"oct_rdn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "oct_rdn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "oct_rup " "Node \"oct_rup\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "oct_rup" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "oct_rup " "Node \"oct_rup\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "oct_rup" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_clk " "Node \"pcie_clk\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_clk" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_rstn " "Node \"pcie_rstn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rstn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_rx\[0\] " "Node \"pcie_rx\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_rx\[1\] " "Node \"pcie_rx\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_rx\[2\] " "Node \"pcie_rx\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_rx\[3\] " "Node \"pcie_rx\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_rx\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_tx\[0\] " "Node \"pcie_tx\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_tx\[1\] " "Node \"pcie_tx\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_tx\[2\] " "Node \"pcie_tx\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "pcie_tx\[3\] " "Node \"pcie_tx\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "pcie_tx\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "sys0_clk " "Node \"sys0_clk\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "sys0_clk" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "sys0_rstn " "Node \"sys0_rstn\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "sys0_rstn" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[0\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[0\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[0\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[0\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[1\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[1\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[1\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[1\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[2\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[2\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[2\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[2\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[3\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[3\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[3\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[3\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[4\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[4\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[4\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[4\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[4\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[5\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[5\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[5\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[5\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[5\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[6\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[6\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[6\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[6\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[6\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[7\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[7\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNATTACHED_ASGN_SUB" "usr_sw\[7\] " "Node \"usr_sw\[7\]\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "usr_sw\[7\]" } } } }  } 0 15706 "Node \"%1!s!\" is assigned to location or region, but does not exist in design" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""}  } {  } 0 15705 "Ignored locations or region assignments to the following nodes" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708494642 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.fit.qmsg:{ "Warning" "WFITCC_FITCC_IGNORED_ASSIGNMENT" "" "Found invalid Fitter assignments. See the Ignored Assignments panel in the Fitter Compilation Report for more information." {  } {  } 0 171167 "Found invalid Fitter assignments. See the Ignored Assignments panel in the Fitter Compilation Report for more information." 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715347 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.fit.qmsg:{ "Warning" "WFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE" "79 " "Following 79 pins have no output enable or a GND or VCC output enable - later changes to this connectivity may change fitting results" { { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 34 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D0 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D0 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 38 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D1 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D1 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 39 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D2 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D2 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 40 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D3 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D3 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 41 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 42 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 43 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 44 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 45 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 46 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 47 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 48 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 49 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 50 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 51 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 52 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 53 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 54 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 55 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 56 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 57 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 58 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 59 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 60 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 61 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 62 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 63 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 64 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 } } } { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 365 0 0 } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 470 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 65 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 66 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 67 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 68 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 69 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 70 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 71 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 72 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 73 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 75 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 77 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 78 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 79 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 80 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 81 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 82 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 83 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 84 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 85 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 86 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 87 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 88 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 89 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 90 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 91 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 92 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 93 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 94 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 95 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 96 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 97 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 98 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 99 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 100 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 101 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 102 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 103 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 104 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 105 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 106 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 107 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 108 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 109 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 110 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 111 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16 a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16 has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16 } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16 } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 112 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 113 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 114 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 115 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""} { "Info" "IFIOMGR_BIDIR_WITH_TRIVIAL_OUTPUT_ENABLE_SUB" "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n a permanently disabled " "Pin HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n has a permanently disabled output enable" {  } { { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" "" { PinPlanner "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/pin_planner.ppl" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" "" { Assignment "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/Assignment Editor.qase" 1 { { 0 "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n" } } } } { "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" { Floorplan "/home/jek/altera/12.1sp1/quartus/linux64/TimingClosureFloorplan.fld" "" "" { HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n } "NODE_NAME" } } { "temporary_test_loc" "" { Generic "/home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/git/develop/tmp/ocpiassets/hdl/cards/hsmc_loopback.test/assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/" { { 0 { 0 ""} 0 116 8336 9085 0}  }  } }  } 0 169065 "Pin %1!s! has %2!s! output enable" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""}  } {  } 0 169064 "Following %1!d! pins have no output enable or a GND or VCC output enable - later changes to this connectivity may change fitting results" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708715716 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.fit.qmsg:{ "Info" "IQEXE_ERROR_COUNT" "Fitter 0 s 704 s Quartus II 64-Bit " "Quartus II 64-Bit Fitter was successful. 0 errors, 704 warnings" { { "Info" "IQEXE_END_PEAK_VSIZE_MEMORY" "1815 " "Peak virtual memory: 1815 megabytes" {  } {  } 0 0 "Peak virtual memory: %1!s! megabytes" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708728794 ""} { "Info" "IQEXE_END_BANNER_TIME" "Wed Oct  5 19:05:28 2016 " "Processing ended: Wed Oct  5 19:05:28 2016" {  } {  } 0 0 "Processing ended: %1!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708728794 ""} { "Info" "IQEXE_ELAPSED_TIME" "00:04:26 " "Elapsed time: 00:04:26" {  } {  } 0 0 "Elapsed time: %1!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708728794 ""} { "Info" "IQEXE_ELAPSED_CPU_TIME" "00:06:38 " "Total CPU time (on all processors): 00:06:38" {  } {  } 0 0 "Total CPU time (on all processors): %1!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708728794 ""}  } {  } 0 0 "%6!s! %1!s! was successful. %2!d! error%3!s!, %4!d! warning%5!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708728794 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.map.qmsg:{ "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN_HDR" "38 " "Design contains 38 input pin(s) that do not drive logic" { { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 299 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 301 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 303 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 305 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 307 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 309 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 311 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 313 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 315 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 317 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 319 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 321 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 323 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 325 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 327 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 329 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 335 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0\"" {  } {  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p\"" {  } {  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n\"" {  } {  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn\"" {  } {  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 420 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 422 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 424 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 426 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 428 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 430 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 432 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 434 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 436 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 438 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 440 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 442 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 444 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 446 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 448 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0 " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 450 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0"} { "Warning" "WCUT_CUT_UNNECESSARY_INPUT_PIN" "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI " "No output dependent on input pin \"HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI\"" {  } { { "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" "" { Text "hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-impl.vhd" 456 0 0 } }  } 0 15610 "No output dependent on input pin \"%1!s!\"" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 "|hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container|HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI"}  } {  } 0 21074 "Design contains %1!d! input pin(s) that do not drive logic" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708460841 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/db/base-top.map.qmsg:{ "Info" "IQEXE_ERROR_COUNT" "Analysis & Synthesis 0 s 39 s Quartus II 64-Bit " "Quartus II 64-Bit Analysis & Synthesis was successful. 0 errors, 39 warnings" { { "Info" "IQEXE_END_PEAK_VSIZE_MEMORY" "860 " "Peak virtual memory: 860 megabytes" {  } {  } 0 0 "Peak virtual memory: %1!s! megabytes" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708461025 ""} { "Info" "IQEXE_END_BANNER_TIME" "Wed Oct  5 19:01:01 2016 " "Processing ended: Wed Oct  5 19:01:01 2016" {  } {  } 0 0 "Processing ended: %1!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708461025 ""} { "Info" "IQEXE_ELAPSED_TIME" "00:00:28 " "Elapsed time: 00:00:28" {  } {  } 0 0 "Elapsed time: %1!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708461025 ""} { "Info" "IQEXE_ELAPSED_CPU_TIME" "00:00:28 " "Total CPU time (on all processors): 00:00:28" {  } {  } 0 0 "Total CPU time (on all processors): %1!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708461025 ""}  } {  } 0 0 "%6!s! %1!s! was successful. %2!d! error%3!s!, %4!d! warning%5!s!" 0 0 "" 0 -1 1475708461025 ""}
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-export.out:Info: Quartus II 64-Bit Compiler Database Interface was successful. 0 errors, 0 warnings
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10445): VHDL Subtype or Type Declaration warning at fixed_body.vhd(18): subtype or type has null range
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10445): VHDL Subtype or Type Declaration warning at fixed_body.vhd(19): subtype or type has null range
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10445): VHDL Subtype or Type Declaration warning at fixed_body.vhd(20): subtype or type has null range
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10445): VHDL Subtype or Type Declaration warning at float_body.vhd(29): subtype or type has null range
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10445): VHDL Subtype or Type Declaration warning at float_body.vhd(30): subtype or type has null range
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (12125): Using design file /home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/ocpi_base_project/exports/lib/hdl/platform/stratix4/ocscp_rv.vhd, which is not specified as a design file for the current project, but contains definitions for 2 design units and 1 entities in project
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(44): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(34): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10873): Using initial value X (don't care) for net "present[63]" at ocscp_rv.vhd(51)
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10873): Using initial value X (don't care) for net "attention[63]" at ocscp_rv.vhd(52)
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (12125): Using design file /home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/ocpi_base_project/exports/lib/hdl/platform/stratix4/wci_master.vhd, which is not specified as a design file for the current project, but contains definitions for 2 design units and 1 entities in project
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(34): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(34): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(34): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(34): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (12125): Using design file /home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/ocpi_base_project/exports/lib/hdl/platform/stratix4/metadata_rv.vhd, which is not specified as a design file for the current project, but contains definitions for 2 design units and 1 entities in project
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (12125): Using design file /home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/ocpi_base_project/exports/lib/hdl/util/stratix4/ROM.v, which is not specified as a design file for the current project, but contains definitions for 1 design units and 1 entities in project
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10030): Net "ROM.data_a" at ROM.v(12) has no driver or initial value, using a default initial value '0'
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10030): Net "ROM.waddr_a" at ROM.v(12) has no driver or initial value, using a default initial value '0'
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (10030): Net "ROM.we_a" at ROM.v(12) has no driver or initial value, using a default initial value '0'
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (12125): Using design file /home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/ocpi_base_project/exports/lib/hdl/util/stratix4/TSINOUT_1.vhd, which is not specified as a design file for the current project, but contains definitions for 2 design units and 1 entities in project
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (12240): Synthesis found one or more imported partitions that will be treated as black boxes for timing analysis during synthesis
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (13039): The following bidir pins have no drivers
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (13024): Output pins are stuck at VCC or GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp7" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn7" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp6" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn6" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp5" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn5" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp4" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn4" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp3" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn3" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp2" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn2" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp1" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn1" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp0" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn0" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TCK" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TMS" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDO" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp7" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn7" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp6" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn6" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp5" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn5" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp4" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn4" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp3" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn3" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp2" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn2" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp1" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn1" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp0" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn0" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TCK" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TMS" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDO" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Warning (21074): Design contains 38 input pin(s) that do not drive logic
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-map.out:Info: Quartus II 64-Bit Analysis & Synthesis was successful. 0 errors, 182 warnings
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10445): VHDL Subtype or Type Declaration warning at fixed_body.vhd(18): subtype or type has null range
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10445): VHDL Subtype or Type Declaration warning at fixed_body.vhd(19): subtype or type has null range
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10445): VHDL Subtype or Type Declaration warning at fixed_body.vhd(20): subtype or type has null range
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10445): VHDL Subtype or Type Declaration warning at float_body.vhd(29): subtype or type has null range
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10445): VHDL Subtype or Type Declaration warning at float_body.vhd(30): subtype or type has null range
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (12125): Using design file /home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/ocpi_base_project/exports/lib/hdl/platform/stratix4/ocscp_rv.vhd, which is not specified as a design file for the current project, but contains definitions for 2 design units and 1 entities in project
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(44): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(34): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10873): Using initial value X (don't care) for net "present[63]" at ocscp_rv.vhd(51)
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10873): Using initial value X (don't care) for net "attention[63]" at ocscp_rv.vhd(52)
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (12125): Using design file /home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/ocpi_base_project/exports/lib/hdl/platform/stratix4/wci_master.vhd, which is not specified as a design file for the current project, but contains definitions for 2 design units and 1 entities in project
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(34): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(34): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(34): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10542): VHDL Variable Declaration warning at util_body.vhd(34): used initial value expression for variable "v" because variable was never assigned a value
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (12125): Using design file /home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/ocpi_base_project/exports/lib/hdl/platform/stratix4/metadata_rv.vhd, which is not specified as a design file for the current project, but contains definitions for 2 design units and 1 entities in project
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (12125): Using design file /home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/ocpi_base_project/exports/lib/hdl/util/stratix4/ROM.v, which is not specified as a design file for the current project, but contains definitions for 1 design units and 1 entities in project
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10030): Net "ROM.data_a" at ROM.v(12) has no driver or initial value, using a default initial value '0'
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10030): Net "ROM.waddr_a" at ROM.v(12) has no driver or initial value, using a default initial value '0'
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (10030): Net "ROM.we_a" at ROM.v(12) has no driver or initial value, using a default initial value '0'
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (12125): Using design file /home/jek/Desktop/dhoover/ocpi_base_project/exports/lib/hdl/util/stratix4/TSINOUT_1.vhd, which is not specified as a design file for the current project, but contains definitions for 2 design units and 1 entities in project
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (12240): Synthesis found one or more imported partitions that will be treated as black boxes for timing analysis during synthesis
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (13039): The following bidir pins have no drivers
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_SDA" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D0" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D1" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D2" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D3" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D4_OR_LVDS_TXp0" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D5_OR_LVDS_RXp0" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D6_OR_LVDS_TXn0" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D7_OR_LVDS_RXn0" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D8_OR_LVDS_TXp1" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D9_OR_LVDS_RXp1" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D10_OR_LVDS_TXn1" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D11_OR_LVDS_RXn1" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D12_OR_LVDS_TXp2" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D13_OR_LVDS_RXp2" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D14_OR_LVDS_TXn2" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D15_OR_LVDS_RXn2" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D16_OR_LVDS_TXp3" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D17_OR_LVDS_RXp3" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D18_OR_LVDS_TXn3" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D19_OR_LVDS_RXn3" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D20_OR_LVDS_TXp4" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D21_OR_LVDS_RXp4" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D22_OR_LVDS_TXn4" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D23_OR_LVDS_RXn4" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D24_OR_LVDS_TXp5" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D25_OR_LVDS_RXp5" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D26_OR_LVDS_TXn5" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D27_OR_LVDS_RXn5" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D28_OR_LVDS_TXp6" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D29_OR_LVDS_RXp6" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D30_OR_LVDS_TXn6" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D31_OR_LVDS_RXn6" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D32_OR_LVDS_TXp7" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D33_OR_LVDS_RXp7" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D34_OR_LVDS_TXn7" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D35_OR_LVDS_RXn7" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D36_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1p" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D38_OR_LVDS_CLKOUT1n" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D40_OR_LVDS_TXp8" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D41_OR_LVDS_RXp8" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D42_OR_LVDS_TXn8" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D43_OR_LVDS_RXn8" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D44_OR_LVDS_TXp9" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D45_OR_LVDS_RXp9" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D46_OR_LVDS_TXn9" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D47_OR_LVDS_RXn9" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D48_OR_LVDS_TXp10" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D49_OR_LVDS_RXp10" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D50_OR_LVDS_TXn10" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D51_OR_LVDS_RXn10" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D52_OR_LVDS_TXp11" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D53_OR_LVDS_RXp11" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D54_OR_LVDS_TXn11" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D55_OR_LVDS_RXn11" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D56_OR_LVDS_TXp12" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D57_OR_LVDS_RXp12" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D58_OR_LVDS_TXn12" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D59_OR_LVDS_RXn12" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D60_OR_LVDS_TXp13" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D61_OR_LVDS_RXp13" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D62_OR_LVDS_TXn13" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D63_OR_LVDS_RXn13" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D64_OR_LVDS_TXp14" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D65_OR_LVDS_RXp14" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D66_OR_LVDS_TXn14" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D67_OR_LVDS_RXn14" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D68_OR_LVDS_TXp15" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D69_OR_LVDS_RXp15" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D70_OR_LVDS_TXn15" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D71_OR_LVDS_RXn15" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D72_OR_LVDS_TXp16" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D73_OR_LVDS_RXp16" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D74_OR_LVDS_TXn16" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D75_OR_LVDS_RXn16" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D76_OR_CLKOUT2p" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D77_OR_CLKIN2p" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D78_OR_CLOUT2n" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13040): Bidir "HSMC_ALST4_A_D79_OR_CLKIN2n" has no driver
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (13024): Output pins are stuck at VCC or GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp7" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn7" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp6" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn6" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp5" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn5" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp4" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn4" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp3" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn3" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp2" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn2" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp1" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn1" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXp0" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_TXn0" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_SCL" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TCK" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TMS" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDO" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKOUT0" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp7" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn7" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp6" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn6" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp5" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn5" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp4" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn4" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp3" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn3" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp2" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn2" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp1" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn1" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXp0" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_TXn0" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TCK" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TMS" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (13410): Pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDO" is stuck at GND
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Warning (21074): Design contains 38 input pin(s) that do not drive logic
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.map.rpt:Info: Quartus II 64-Bit Analysis & Synthesis was successful. 0 errors, 182 warnings
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:Warning (21074): Design contains 38 input pin(s) that do not drive logic
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container-merge.out:Info: Quartus II 64-Bit Partition Merge was successful. 0 errors, 39 warnings
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:Warning (21074): Design contains 38 input pin(s) that do not drive logic
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1p"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_CLKIN1n"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_A_PSNTn"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn7"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn6"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn5"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn4"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn3"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn2"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn1"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXp0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_XCVR_RXn0"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:    Warning (15610): No output dependent on input pin "HSMC_ALST4_B_JTAG_TDI"
assemblies/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly/container-hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container/target-stratix4/hsmc_loopback_test_assembly_alst4_base_loopback_card_plugged_into_hsmc_port_b_container.merge.rpt:Info: Quartus II 64-Bit Partition Merge was successful. 0 errors, 39 warnings
